Persistence is very important. You must not give up unless you are forced to resign.

Patience is a hard lesson and I am learning it. It is a hard lesson.

The first step is to establish that something is possible; Then the probability will occur.

I think it is possible for ordinary people to choose to be extraordinary.

Start and grow a business is about innovation, unity and determination of the people who make it and the product they sell.

Pay attention to negative feedback and request it, particularly from friends. Hardly anyone does that and is very helpful.

I could see it happen or be part of it.

I think this is the best advice: constantly think how you could do things better.

It taught me how difficult it is to know what questions to ask, but that once you do, the rest is really easy.

Some people do not like change, but you need to embrace it if the alternative is disaster.

If you are trying to create a company, it is like baking a cake. You have to have all the ingredients in the right proportion.

If something is important enough, you should try. Even if the likely outcome is failure.

You want to have a future where you expect things to be better, not one where you expect things to be worse.

Life is too short for long-term grudges.

Big companies are based on great products.

It's okay to have all the eggs in a basket while you control everything that happens in that basket.

Failure is an option here. If things are not failing, they are not innovating enough.

I think it's very important to have a feedback loop, where you're constantly thinking about what you've done and how you could be doing better.

Really, the only thing that makes sense is to fight for greater collective enlightenment.

People work better when they know what the goal is and why. It is important that people want to come to work in the morning and enjoy working.

In the United States is where great things are possible.

I would never give up, I would have to be dead or incapacitated.

Whatever you decide to do, even if they are the best of the best, there will always be room for failure; That's why I think that whatever you do, you have to do it with love. You must like it.

Now is the time to take risks. When you do not have kids.

When something is important enough you should try it even if the most likely outcome is failure.

Anyone who has truly fought against an adversity, never forgets.

Do not invest in something that you know will not make the product better.

28- Or you join a group of people you admire and you really think they are great or recruits brilliant minds.

When you enter to compete in a market that is already being exploited, you have to make sure that your product is not only a little better than the competition but much better.

What does it mean to work hard? In my case, when my brother and I started our first business, instead of renting an office, we rented a small apartment and slept on the couch.

Work hard every hour while you're awake, it's what it takes to succeed if you're starting a new business.

You do not have to change the world, if you are doing something that is good for society, it has great value fight for it!

I believe that Artificial Intelligence is the most important issue that will affect humanity in the near future.

Do we want to be that species that finds another planet with intelligent life or being a multi-planet species?

Mars is the only planet where we really have the opportunity to establish a new civilization.

The reasons why you wake up in the morning can not always be solving problems, there must be something exciting to encourage you to follow.

Internet, self-sustaining energy, and space exploration; Those are the three areas where I believe that humanity has more opportunity to expand as a species.

I simply look to the future and ask myself what would really work for us as a species?

If there was a button to make everyone stop using non-renewable energy would not push, it would be irresponsible.

In the future we will look at gasoline as a source of fuel, as we look at coal today, and I do not speak of a distant future but a maximum of a century.

Believe me, I know a little about Mars.

Releasing the energy is easy, containing the energy safely is the difficult part.

I think the risk of robotic superintelligence is that they would exceed us levels that we could not even imagine in a very short time.

"You should not jump into something you do not fully understand.

Only the sun could supply everyone with energy a thousand times more than the fossil fuel.

I never expected to create companies or anything like that.

If you create something useful, money will be the end result.

It's a bit different for me, I'm always looking for that detail that does not work to be able to do things better.

I do not expect people to simply see me and believe me. But I think if you look back, I deserve the benefit of the doubt.

I learned what I needed to be able to achieve what I wanted, and I think that all people can do it but they limit themselves. 